# VSphereAutomation::VStats::VstatsRsrcId

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id_value** | **String** | The id value binding the related resource id definition. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 
**key** | **String** | Key relates to the corresponding ResourceIdDefinition of the related resource address schema. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. When this field is unset, type field will be used. | [optional] 
**predicate** | [**VstatsQueryPredicate**](VstatsQueryPredicate.md) |  | [optional] 
**scheme** | **String** | An optional designation of the scheme. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. When this field is unset, default scheme is moid (ManagedObject Identifier). | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | Type of the resource identified by the Resource Id. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. When this field is unset, in current version the api will throw InvalidArgument error. To be made optional in future. | [optional] 


