# VSphereAutomation::VStats::VstatsCidMid

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cid** | **String** | Counter Id. CID is a string with rather strong semantic consistency across deployments and versions. If two CIDs are identical it implies the corresponding counters are the same. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: vstats.model.Counter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: vstats.model.Counter. | 
**mid** | **String** | MID is a 64-bit integer with strong consistency. Given a particular CID&#x3D;cid, if two MIDs are the same, then the corresponding counter-metadata objects are same. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. When this field is unset vStats will use default for the counter metadata as obtained from the provider. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: vstats.model.CounterMetadata. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: vstats.model.CounterMetadata. | [optional] 


