# VSphereAutomation::VStats::VstatsAcqSpecsFilterSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**endpoints** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Endpoint filter which is based on endpoints configured to acquisition specifications. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. When unset the result will not be filtered by endpoints configured. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: vstats.model.AcqSpec. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: vstats.model.AcqSpec. | [optional] 
**page** | **String** | Used to retrieve paged data for larger result sets. The value of this token is generated by server and returned as next field in the result of AcqSpecs.list operations. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. unset the first page of results will be returned. | [optional] 
**status** | [**VstatsAcqSpecsStatus**](VstatsAcqSpecsStatus.md) |  | [optional] 


