# VSphereAutomation::VStats::VstatsCountersFilterSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cid** | **String** | Counter identifier that will be listed. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. If unset counter filter will not be applied. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: vstats.model.Counter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: vstats.model.Counter. | [optional] 
**metric** | **String** | Metric for which counters will be listed. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. If unset metric filter will not be applied. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: vstats.model.Metric. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: vstats.model.Metric. | [optional] 
**types** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Resource type filter. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. If unset resource type filter will not be applied. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: vstats.model.RsrcType. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: vstats.model.RsrcType. | [optional] 


