# VSphereAutomation::VStats::VstatsTelemetryInfo

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**counters** | [**Array&lt;VstatsTelemetryTelemetryCounter&gt;**](VstatsTelemetryTelemetryCounter.md) | List of TelemetryCounter. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 
**gauges** | [**Array&lt;VstatsTelemetryTelemetryGauge&gt;**](VstatsTelemetryTelemetryGauge.md) | List of TelemetryGauge. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 
**histograms** | [**Array&lt;VstatsTelemetryTelemetryHistogram&gt;**](VstatsTelemetryTelemetryHistogram.md) | List of TelemetryHistogram. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 
**meters** | [**Array&lt;VstatsTelemetryTelemetryMeter&gt;**](VstatsTelemetryTelemetryMeter.md) | List of TelemetryMeter. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 
**timers** | [**Array&lt;VstatsTelemetryTelemetryTimer&gt;**](VstatsTelemetryTelemetryTimer.md) | List of TelemetryTimer. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 


