# VSphereAutomation::VCenter::VcenterExtensionTasksCreateSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cancelable** | **Boolean** | Flag to indicate whether or not the operation can be canceled. The value may change as the operation progresses. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. | 
**description** | [**VapiStdLocalizableMessage**](VapiStdLocalizableMessage.md) |  | [optional] 
**end_time** | **DateTime** | Time when the operation is completed. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. This field will be unset if the status is not SUCCEEDED or FAILED. If status is SUCCEEDED or FAILED and client does not this field, the current system time will be set. | [optional] 
**error** | **String** | Description of the error if the operation status is \&quot;FAILED\&quot;. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. If unset when status is \&quot;FAILED\&quot;, InvalidArgument exception will be thrown. | [optional] 
**operation_id** | **String** | Extension registered operation identifier associated the the task. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: cis.task. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: cis.task. | 
**parent_task** | **String** | Parent of the current task. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. This field will be unset if the task has no parent. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: cis.task. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: cis.task. | [optional] 
**percent_done** | [**CisTaskProgress**](CisTaskProgress.md) |  | [optional] 
**result** | [**Object**](.md) | Result of the operation. If an operation reports partial results before it completes, this field could be set before the status has the value \&quot;SUCCEEDED\&quot;. The value could change as the operation progresses. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. This field will be unset if the operation does not return a result or if the result is not available at the current step of the operation. | [optional] 
**start_time** | **DateTime** | Time when the operation is started. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. This field will be unset if the status is PENDING. If the status is not PENDING, and the client does not provide this field, the current system time will be set. | [optional] 
**status** | [**CisTaskStatus**](CisTaskStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**target** | [**VapiStdDynamicID**](VapiStdDynamicID.md) |  | [optional] 
**user** | **String** | The name of the user who performed the operation in the Extension. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. This field will be unset if not provided by the client. | [optional] 


