# VSphereAutomation::VCenter::VcenterHostFilterSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**hosts** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Identifiers of hosts that can match the filter. If unset or empty, hosts with any identifier match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: HostSystem. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: HostSystem. | [optional] 
**names** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Names that hosts must have to match the filter (see Host.Summary.name). If unset or empty, hosts with any name match the filter. | [optional] 
**folders** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Folders that must contain the hosts for the hosts to match the filter. If unset or empty, hosts in any folder match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: Folder. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: Folder. | [optional] 
**datacenters** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Datacenters that must contain the hosts for the hosts to match the filter. If unset or empty, hosts in any datacenter match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: Datacenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: Datacenter. | [optional] 
**standalone** | **BOOLEAN** | If true, only hosts that are not part of a cluster can match the filter, and if false, only hosts that are are part of a cluster can match the filter. If unset Hosts can match filter independent of whether they are part of a cluster or not. If this field is true and Host.FilterSpec.clusters os not empty, no hosts will match the filter. | [optional] 
**clusters** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Clusters that must contain the hosts for the hosts to match the filter. If unset or empty, hosts in any cluster and hosts that are not in a cluster match the filter. If this field is not empty and Host.FilterSpec.standalone is true, no hosts will match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: ClusterComputeResource. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: ClusterComputeResource. | [optional] 
**connection_states** | [**Array&lt;VcenterHostConnectionState&gt;**](VcenterHostConnectionState.md) | Connection states that a host must be in to match the filter (see Host.Summary.connection-state. If unset or empty, hosts in any connection state match the filter. | [optional] 


