# VSphereAutomation::VCenter::VcenterVMClonePlacementSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cluster** | **String** | Cluster into which the cloned virtual machine should be placed.   If VM.ClonePlacementSpec.cluster and VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool are both specified, VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool must belong to VM.ClonePlacementSpec.cluster.    If VM.ClonePlacementSpec.cluster and VM.ClonePlacementSpec.host are both specified, VM.ClonePlacementSpec.host must be a member of VM.ClonePlacementSpec.cluster.  If VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool or VM.ClonePlacementSpec.host is specified, it is recommended that this field be unset. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: ClusterComputeResource. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: ClusterComputeResource. | [optional] 
**datastore** | **String** | Datastore on which the cloned virtual machine&#39;s configuration state should be stored. This datastore will also be used for any virtual disks that are created as part of the virtual machine clone operation unless individually overridden. If field is unset, the system will use the datastore of the source virtual machine. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: Datastore. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: Datastore. | [optional] 
**folder** | **String** | Virtual machine folder into which the cloned virtual machine should be placed. If field is unset, the system will use the virtual machine folder of the source virtual machine. If this results in a conflict due to other placement parameters, the virtual machine clone operation will fail. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: Folder. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: Folder. | [optional] 
**host** | **String** | Host onto which the cloned virtual machine should be placed.   If VM.ClonePlacementSpec.host and VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool are both specified, VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool must belong to VM.ClonePlacementSpec.host.    If VM.ClonePlacementSpec.host and VM.ClonePlacementSpec.cluster are both specified, VM.ClonePlacementSpec.host must be a member of VM.ClonePlacementSpec.cluster.  If this field is unset, if VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool is unset, the cloned virtual machine will use the host of the source virtual machine. if VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool is set, and the target is a standalone host, the host is used. if VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool is set, and the target is a DRS cluster, a host will be picked by DRS. if VM.ClonePlacementSpec.resource-pool is set, and the target is a cluster without DRS, InvalidArgument will be thrown. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: HostSystem. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: HostSystem. | [optional] 
**resource_pool** | **String** | Resource pool into which the cloned virtual machine should be placed. If field is unset, the system will use the resource pool of the source virtual machine. If this results in a conflict due to other placement parameters, the virtual machine clone operation will fail. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: ResourcePool. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: ResourcePool. | [optional] 


