# VSphereAutomation::VCenter::VcenterNsxDeploymentPlacementSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cluster** | **String** | The identifier of the cluster of which the appliance is a member. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: ClusterComputeResource:VCenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: ClusterComputeResource:VCenter. | 
**cluster_name** | **String** | The name of the cluster of which the appliance is a member. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. If unset, cluster ID will be used. | [optional] 
**datastore** | **String** | The identifier of the datastore to put all the virtual disks on. The datastore must be accessible from the management vCenter. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: Datastore:VCenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: Datastore:VCenter. | 
**datastore_name** | **String** | The name of the datastore. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. If unset, datastore ID will be used. | [optional] 
**network** | **String** | The identifier of the Network object used to attach the appliance. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: Network:VCenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: Network:VCenter. | 
**network_name** | **String** | The name of the Network object used to attach the appliance. Warning: This attribute is part of a new feature in development. It may be changed at any time and may not have all supported functionality implemented. If unset, network ID will be used. | [optional] 


