# VSphereAutomation::VCenter::VcenterVchaPlacementSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **String** | The name of the VCHA node to be used for the virtual machine name. | 
**folder** | **String** | The identifier of the folder to deploy the VCHA node to. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: Folder:VCenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: Folder:VCenter. | 
**host** | **String** | The identifier of the host to deploy the VCHA node to. If unset, see vim.vm.RelocateSpec.host. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: HostSystem:VCenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: HostSystem:VCenter. | [optional] 
**resource_pool** | **String** | The identifier of the resource pool to deploy the VCHA node to. If unset, then the active node&#39;s resource pool will be used. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: ResourcePool:VCenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: ResourcePool:VCenter. | [optional] 
**ha_network_type** | [**VcenterVchaNetworkType**](VcenterVchaNetworkType.md) |  | [optional] 
**ha_network** | **String** | The identifier of the Network object used for the HA network.  If the PlacementSpec.ha-network field is set, then the {#link #haNetworkType} field must be set.  If the PlacementSpec.ha-network field is unset, then the PlacementSpec.ha-network-type field is ignored. If unset and the PlacementSpec.ha-network-type field is unset, then the same network present on the Active node virtual machine is used to deploy the virtual machine with an assumption that the network is present on the destination.  When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: Network:VCenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: Network:VCenter. | [optional] 
**management_network_type** | [**VcenterVchaNetworkType**](VcenterVchaNetworkType.md) |  | [optional] 
**management_network** | **String** | The identifier of the Network object used for the Management network. If the PlacementSpec.management-network field is set, then the PlacementSpec.management-network-type field must be set.  If the PlacementSpec.management-network field is unset, then the PlacementSpec.management-network-type field is ignored. If unset and the PlacementSpec.management-network-type field is unset, then the same network present on the Active node virtual machine is used to deploy the virtual machine with an assumption that the network is present on the destination.  When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: Network:VCenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: Network:VCenter. | [optional] 
**storage** | [**VcenterVchaDiskSpec**](VcenterVchaDiskSpec.md) |  | [optional] 


