# VSphereAutomation::VCenter::VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersUpdateSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**default_image_registry** | [**VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersImageRegistry**](VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersImageRegistry.md) |  | [optional] 
**default_image_repository** | **String** | Default image repository to use when Kubernetes Pod container specification does not specify it as part of the container image name. If unset, default image repository will not be modified. | [optional] 
**default_kubernetes_service_content_library** | **String** | Identifier of the Content Library which holds the VM Images for vSphere Kubernetes Service. This Content Library should be subscribed to VMware&#39;s hosted vSphere Kubernetes Service Repository. Modifying or clearing the Content Library identifier will not affect existing vSphere Kubernetes Service clusters. However, upgrades or scale-out of existing clusters may be affected if the new Content Library doesn&#39;t have the necessary VM Images. If unset, the Content Library identifier will not be modified. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: content.Library. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: content.Library. | [optional] 
**ephemeral_storage_policy** | **String** | Identifier of storage policy associated with ephemeral disks of all the Kubernetes Pods in the cluster. If unset, storage policy associated with ephemeral disks of all the Kubernetes Pods will not be modified. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: SpsStorageProfile. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: SpsStorageProfile. | [optional] 
**image_storage** | [**VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersImageStorageSpec**](VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersImageStorageSpec.md) |  | [optional] 
**login_banner** | **String** | Disclaimer to be displayed prior to login via the Kubectl plugin. If unset, disclaimer to be displayed prior to login via the Kubectl plugin will not be modified. | [optional] 
**master_dns** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | List of DNS server IP addresses to use on Kubernetes API server, specified in order of preference. If set, DNS servers set on Kubernetes API server will be replaced. Otherwise, they will not be modified. | [optional] 
**master_dns_search_domains** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | List of domains (for example \&quot;vmware.com\&quot;) to be searched when trying to lookup a host name on Kubernetes API server, specified in order of preference. If set, DNS search domains on Kubernetes API server will be replaced. Otherwise, they will not be modified. | [optional] 
**master_ntp_servers** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | List of NTP server DNS names or IP addresses to use on Kubernetes API server, specified in order of preference. If set, NTP servers on Kubernetes API server will be replaced. Otherwise, they will not be modified. | [optional] 
**master_storage_policy** | **String** | Identifier of storage policy associated with Kubernetes API server. If unset, storage policy associated with Kubernetes API server will not be modified. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be an identifier for the resource type: SpsStorageProfile. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will be an identifier for the resource type: SpsStorageProfile. | [optional] 
**ncp_cluster_network_spec** | [**VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersNCPClusterNetworkUpdateSpec**](VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersNCPClusterNetworkUpdateSpec.md) |  | [optional] 
**network_provider** | [**VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersNetworkProvider**](VcenterNamespaceManagementClustersNetworkProvider.md) |  | [optional] 
**size_hint** | [**VcenterNamespaceManagementSizingHint**](VcenterNamespaceManagementSizingHint.md) |  | [optional] 
**tls_endpoint_certificate** | **String** | Certificate issued for Kubernetes API Server. Certificate used must be created by signing the Certificate Signing Request obtained from vcenter.namespace_management.certificates.Request.create Because a CertificateSigningRequest is created on an existing Namespaces-enabled Cluster, you must use the Clusters.UpdateSpec to specify this tlsEndpointCertificate on an existing Cluster rather than during initially enabling Namespaces on a Cluster. If unset, Kubernetes API Server certificate will not be modified. | [optional] 
**worker_dns** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | List of DNS server IP addresses to use on the worker nodes, specified in order of preference. If set, DNS servers set on worker nodes will be replaced. Otherwise, they will not be modified. | [optional] 


