# VSphereAutomation::VCenter::VcenterResourcePoolFilterSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**resource_pools** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Identifiers of resource pools that can match the filter. If unset or empty, resource pools with any identifier match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: ResourcePool. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: ResourcePool. | [optional] 
**names** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Names that resource pools must have to match the filter (see ResourcePool.Info.name). If unset or empty, resource pools with any name match the filter. | [optional] 
**parent_resource_pools** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Resource pools that must contain the resource pool for the resource pool to match the filter. If unset or empty, resource pools in any resource pool match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: ResourcePool. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: ResourcePool. | [optional] 
**datacenters** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Datacenters that must contain the resource pool for the resource pool to match the filter. If unset or empty, resource pools in any datacenter match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: Datacenter. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: Datacenter. | [optional] 
**hosts** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Hosts that must contain the resource pool for the resource pool to match the filter. If unset or empty, resource pools in any host match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: HostSystem. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: HostSystem. | [optional] 
**clusters** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | Clusters that must contain the resource pool for the resource pool to match the filter. If unset or empty, resource pools in any cluster match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain identifiers for the resource type: ClusterComputeResource. When operations return a value of this structure as a result, the field will contain identifiers for the resource type: ClusterComputeResource. | [optional] 


