# VSphereAutomation::VCenter::VcenterHvcLinksCreateSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**admin_groups** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | List of groups to be added to enable administrator access to. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | [optional] 
**domain_name** | **String** | The domain to which the PSC belongs. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 
**password** | **String** | The administrator password of the PSC. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 
**port** | **String** | The HTTPS port of the PSC to be linked. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | [optional] 
**psc_hostname** | **String** | The PSC hostname for the domain to be linked. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 
**ssl_thumbprint** | **String** | The ssl thumbprint of the server. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | [optional] 
**username** | **String** | The administrator username of the PSC. Warning: This attribute is available as Technology Preview. These are early access APIs provided to test, automate and provide feedback on the feature. Since this can change based on feedback, VMware does not guarantee backwards compatibility and recommends against using them in production environments. Some Technology Preview APIs might only be applicable to specific environments. | 


